Yashwanth Kumar J professionally known as Yashwanth Master is an Dance in India dancer and Choreography who predominantly works in Telugu cinema[1]. He choreographed for many Telugu cinema. He won Championship Three formats of Dhee_-The_Ultimate_Dance_Show. He is known for his work in U_Turn_(2018_film)Contents
1	Early life
2	Career
3	Personal life
4	Filmography
5	Television
6	References
7	External links
Early life
Yashwanth Kumar was Born on 5 June 1991 at Gooty, Anantapur district of Andhra Pradesh. His Father Ravi Pagadala was an Ayurvedic Doctor. His Mother Aruna was a homemaker and a singer. He completed his primary education till 7th standard in Railway Schools in India, Anantapur. Later his family moved to Hubli, Karnataka where he completed his Higher education.

Right from the Childhood he was inclined towards Choreography (dance) and dance with his grandfather's influence. He used to compose and participate in shows and various cultural events in school and college. He even used to choreograph dance moves right at school and college.

He then completed his graduation in Business administration at KLE University, Hubli.

Career
Inspired by Michael Jackson, Prabhu Deva and Chiranjeevi he chose choreography as his career.

Before accepting Santosh (Cat) Master's request to contest under his choreography as lead performer in Kannada reality dance show Dancing Stars aired in ETV Kannada, he rejected seven offers from various reality dance shows. Later he worked as assistant choreographer to Cat Master in one of the most reputed dance shows in Telugu Dhee -The Ultimate Dance Show. Later he formed his own team as choreographer stood as title winner in all the three formats of Dhee.

He is known for his innovative dance themes and Moves.

Personal life
He is married to his long time girlfriend and his childhood sweetheart Varsha. Varsha Worked as an air-hostess for a premier airways company.

Filmography
Filmography 
Year	Movie	Song	Langua
2018	U Turn	"Karma Theme"	Telugu
U Turn (Tamil)	Tamil
Ee Maaya Peremito		Telugu
2019	Prati Roju Pandagey	"O Bava"
Chitralahari	"Glass Mates"
George Reddy	"Royal Enfield"
Tagite Tandana	
2020	Solo Brathuke So Better	"No Pelli"
Dharala Prabhu	"Oo Aaha & Title Track"	Tamil
30 Rojullo Preminchadam Ela	"Neeli Neeli Aakasam"	Telugu
Television
Television 
Year	Show	TV Channel	Note(s)	Result
2014	Thaka Dhimi Tha Dancing Star	ETV Kannada	Contestant	Runner Up
2016	Kick	Udaya Tv
2016	Dhee Juniors 2	ETV (Telugu)	Choreographer	Winner
2017	Dhee Jodi
2018	Aata Juniors	Zee Telugu
2020	Dhee Champion	ETV Telugu